Expanded some explanations (#27)
binder-examples/r: README.md

are installed by default, so you can use either the Jupyter notebook interface or
the RStudio interface.

This repository also contains an example of a [Shiny app](https://github.com/binder-examples/r/tree/master/bus-dashboard).

### URL addresses for RStudio and Shiny environments

The Binder repository can be used to allow anyone to access an RStudio environment containing our code and data right 
in their web browser. It also allows hosting a Shiny app. For those purposes, we have to append a bit of text to the 

> URL of our Binder repository, which we find out when we find out on [mybinder.org](https://mybinder.org/) when we enter 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
URL of our Binder repository, which we can find out at [mybinder.org](https://mybinder.org/) when we enter 
```
